# Vue and Node Codes
This repository is my intention of store the significant exercises of the nice course of Udemy.com, about Vue 2.0.
This "project" is a simple SPA with three Vue components in the page, I say : "Header","Body" and "Footer".
It is a very basic APP, really a "Practice Exercise" about the use of Vue components.
I created a component for the Header section of the page because I supposed that would repeat in another pages,
in the future. I considered a "lay-out" repeating itself in a few pages.
The second component, "Body", would contain a dynamic list of html paragraphs (here the number is fixed in 5 , but not in a real App ), with a basic information of "status of servers".
Just a simple information, for the example of the "v-for" directive of VueJs.
And the third component, associated with the "footer" of the page. But this "footer" is not about "authors" or
enterprise informations. In this exercise, would be the section where the servers would be "activated" or "deactived",
for example.
I didn't care about transform a part of the 'Body.vue' in another component because the exercise says "Server Details are currently not updated" , but in a real App certainly it would be created.
If anybody manifest interest, I can explain with more details in a near future.

JUST FOR INFORMATION : The example was generated by vue-cli. After that, and after moving to the project folder, just do:
npm install. ( The "node modules" directory will be created with all the dependencies). If "everything is right", to run 
the app do "npm run dev". For obvious reasons, I didn't include the "node modules" folder here, in Git. )

The 'App_original.vue" is the original version of the App.vue, WITH NO VUE COMPONENTS.

The exercise used bootstrap for the css classes, included in the "index.html" file of the app. The file isn't here because the app was generated by the "vue-cli" , and I only included the line in the head associated with the bootstrap (a CDN in the site of bootstrap (getbootstrap.com/getting-started) "Bootstrap CDN". ). Nothing more.

The "Sec8_Task7.zip" is an evolution of this and is another task of the course, the Task 7 of Section 8, completed, without the "node_modules" folder, for obvious reason. And I considered "another project" here in Git. Click on the option "Projects" below "psidewalk/Vue_Node" to see a resumed description of the task.

I'm not a Vue expert yet, but if I can help anybody, no problem. <pcsidewalk@gmail.com>. (Obs: I'm brasilian. Sorry for eventual doubts, if you send an e-mail to me in English).
